Update README.md (#153)
microsoft/vscode-python-tools-extension-template: README.md

    1. Find and replace `<pytool-module>` with module name for your tool. This will be used internally to create settings namespace, register commands, etc. Recommendation is to use lower case version of the name, no spaces, `-` are ok. For example, replacing `<pytool-module>` with `pylint` will lead to settings looking like `pylint.args`. Another example, replacing `<pytool-module>` with `black-formatter` will make settings look like `black-formatter.args`.
    1. Find and replace `<pytool-display-name>` with display name for your tool. This is used as the title for the extension in market place, extensions view, output logs, etc. For example, for the `black` extension this is `Black Formatter`.
1. Install node packages using `npm install`.
1. Go to https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/vscode and create a publisher account if you don't already have one.

>     1. Use the published name in `package.json` by replacing `<my-publisher>` with the name you got from marketplace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    1. Use the published name in `package.json` by replacing `<my-publisher>` with the name you registered in the marketplace.
```

Reviewer: assuming I understood this correctly :p
